Update HTML Sanitizer spec links (#44554)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/sanitizerconfig/index.md

> [!NOTE]
> The conditions above are from the perspective of a web developer.

> > The [validity check defined in the specification](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/dynamic-markup-insertion.html#safe-and-unsafe) is slightly different because it is executed after canonicalization of the configuration, such as adding `removeElements` when both are missing, and adding default namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The [validity check defined in the specification](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/dynamic-markup-insertion.html#dom-sanitizerconfig-valid) is slightly different because it is executed after canonicalization of the configuration, such as adding `removeElements` when both are missing, and adding default namespaces.
```
